Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Damn it's cold today. Put more
wood on the fire.
Watch him!
Is that it?
I risk coming all the way out
here. for this?
It cost my father his life.
It’s everything.
Sturmbannführer Lehmann. How
can I help you?
Why is there no new progress on
the latest round of tests?
I am working twenty hours a day
on the project.
May I remind you that seeing your wife and daughter
every month is a privilege...
That can change at any time.
I have new results to discuss
with the team.
I would also like to remind you
of what will happen...
...should you decide to withhold
results of this vital research.
That would be considered
sabotage against the Reich.
Time to leave.
Churchill’s not invading
tonight. look at it out there.
Sure. you go back. Skip the
patrol. warm your feet.
Then get court-martialed. Fine
by me.
I won't let it go.
Hold it. hold it. hold it
No. no.
I won!
Stop.
We are just having a little bit
of fun. It won’t do any harm.
Hmm? One more time?
Yes.
Alexander.
Look at us.
Look what they are doing to us.
Kalina...
Come on.
Smile. sunshine.
Kalina.
It'll be okay.
Seven hours and forty-seven
minutes before we leave. Doctor.
Listen to me. listen carefully.
This is the only way for us to
survive. Do you understand?
We don’t have any choice.
When my work is finished...
Then what will happen to us? When
they don’t need you anymore?
Mama. can I play a new song for
Papa?
That would be wonderful.
Please play.
He has a few hours with his wife
in a whole month.
and he wastes his time listening
to the piano.
Watch him!
Irena. come here.
Please. Come on. everything is
going to be alright.
Hush. hush.
Listen. we have to go.
Come on. Here. hold on to me.
Hold on to me and let’s go.
We're late.
There's no one here.
There’s a dead woman inside. It
could be the scientist's wife.
So who did this?
British shell cases. But this is
an American Army issue boot print.
Either way. they got what they
came for. That’s for sure.
They're a group of six or seven.
Going north.
Judging by the footprints. two are
civilians. one is a young girl.
Now all we have to do is find
them.
They wont get far. We should get
moving.
We'll catch them up.
Let's change clothes. it's time
to switch sides.
Sit over there.
We left her there.
In that house. On her own.
Listen.
Listen to me.
Mama is far away.
In a peaceful place.
Do you hear me?
There. there.
We have to believe these
soldiers will save us.
That they can get us to a safe
place.
...to a safe place.
Mama would want that.
Two beers.
Yes. yes.
My friend! So good to see you
back.
Hey! Good to see you.
Come. let’s have a real drink.
Is that beer? Vodka for my
friends here!
You know I keep the best stuff in the
back. Go get a bottle. I’ll join you soon.
Yes.
Let’s go out there. Come on.
guys!
Let’s go.
Are you crazy coming here?
The whole village could be shot because
you’re walking around like fools.
Your boat was found.
They planned to meet people
here.
A broken piece of radio.
This camp was abandoned. so there
was no one here to meet them.
According to the tracks. one of
them is bleeding.
Egorov went into the forest and
saw patrols.
They’re searching for them.
There’s a village a couple of
kilometers south east. in the valley.
This meeting didn't happen.
They must have gone to find them in the
village. Their footprints lead that way.
They’ve either got balls. or
they’re crazy.
Either way.
They have a valuable asset. and
wounded in the group.
Their radio isn't working.
If they can’t find these locals.
maybe they won't have a way out.
Sturmbannführer. are you joining
the search too?
No. we're on other business.
Very well sir. We're needed on the
other side of this forest here.
By the river...
What's wrong with him?
He's bulletproof.
Stay there! Don’t move!
Papa! Help!
Don’t move!
Thank you.
You're welcome.
We will do what we can.
But if it comes to it...
You must kill him.
He cannot get into German hands
again.
My name is Sara. And you?
Irena.
If you like. I’ll teach you how
to shoot.
I could shoot when I was
fifteen.
This might save your life. or
your father's.
Look.
Unlock safety catch.
Aim.
Pull the trigger.
You try.
Irena. what are you doing?
What are you doing? Leave it.
let it go.
Give it here.
You shouldn’t teach a child to
shoot.
A German patrol is rounding up
half the village.
Listen.
We leave now.
There are Germans in the village.
Let’s give them a run for their money.
Sons of bitches.
Round them up!
Him! Do not shoot him!
We'll take the road around to
the east.
And catch them up.
They’re exhausted. wounded. It
should be easy.
I tried to do everything for the best.
To protect you and your mother.
Mama knew it.
Mama understood it.
She really did.
In my work...
When something goes wrong. I can
repeat the experiment.
Start over. Try again.
Work at it. and work at it. until...
I can...
...get it right.
But now...
I am powerless. I can’t start over.
I can’t turn back time...
I promise I’ll keep you safe
too. Papa.
Halt!
Where is he?
I don’t understand.
Is he in the house? How many are
in there?
Hide in here.
What are you doing?
Get up.
Let's go.
Who's this crazy bitch?
Give me the gun.
We need some transport.
Follow them!
Maybe we can still take them.
No. We won’t get him.
But the Nazis won’t get him
either.
Maybe that’s enough.
Hey. what's going on?
You should go. I'll hold them
off.
No Bonderenko. I make the
decisions around here.
I wont make it.
Go. or do you all want to die
for that stupid American?
OK. I wont tell anyone you died
for the capitalists.
I always liked your sense of
humour.
Let's go.
You forgot. bitches. that I'm
bulletproof.
Mine.
Alright then. one more time.
Watch.
Abracadabra. hocus pocus...
I won.
Well. I never do.
You won. you won. my darling.
I have to get back to work.
Alright. Papa.
Ah. I’ve forgotten something.
here we are.